README.md, before:

<cite>:warning: GitHub users are now required to enable two-factor authentication as an additional security measure. Your activity on GitHub includes you in this requirement. You will need to enable two-factor authentication on your account before October 12, 2023, or be restricted from account actions.</cite>

# 3D-Dungeon
3D dungeon demo on ZX Spectrum 48K

Malý test jak by mohl vypadat 3D dungeon na počítači ZX Spectrum 48K.

Kempston joystick:

    up          move
    down        move
    left        move
    right       move

    up+left     turning
    up+right    turning

    down+left   inventory
    down+right  inventory

    fire        action

    fire+up     first hand
    fire+down   second hand
    fire+left   another person
    fire+right  another person



![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen.png "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")

![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen2.png "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")

![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen3.png?raw=true?raw=true "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")

Commit message:

goodbye
This code is obsolete due to author's access being denied by github. The migration took place at: https://codeberg.org/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon

README.md, after:

<cite>:warning: GitHub users are now required to enable two-factor authentication as an additional security measure. Your activity on GitHub includes you in this requirement. You will need to enable two-factor authentication on your account before October 12, 2023, or be restricted from account actions.</cite>

`This code is obsolete due to author's access being denied by github. The migration took place at:` [https://codeberg.org/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon](https://codeberg.org/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon)

# 3D-Dungeon
3D dungeon demo on ZX Spectrum 48K

Malý test jak by mohl vypadat 3D dungeon na počítači ZX Spectrum 48K.

Kempston joystick:

    up          move
    down        move
    left        move
    right       move

    up+left     turning
    up+right    turning

    down+left   inventory
    down+right  inventory

    fire        action

    fire+up     first hand
    fire+down   second hand
    fire+left   another person
    fire+right  another person



![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen.png "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")

![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen2.png "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")

![Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DW0RKiN/3D-Dungeon/master/screen3.png?raw=true?raw=true "Screenshot 3D Dungeon on ZX")
